NFT Allowances REST API (#857)
hashgraph/hedera-improvement-proposal: HIP/hip-857.md

Following are example responses of the NFT allowance API:

GET `/api/v1/accounts/1000/allowances/nfts?owner=true`

```json
{
  "allowances": [
    {
      "approved_for_all": true,
      "owner": "0.0.1000",
      "spender": "0.0.8488",
      "token_id": "0.0.1033",
      "timestamp": {
        "from": "1633466229.96874612",
        "to": null
      }
    },
    {
      "approved_for_all": false,
      "owner": "0.0.1000",
      "spender": "0.0.8489",
      "token_id": "0.0.1034",
      "timestamp": {
        "from": "1633466229.96874618",
        "to": null
      }
    },
    {
      "approved_for_all": true,
      "owner": "0.0.1000",
      "spender": "0.0.9857",
      "token_id": "0.0.1032",
      "timestamp": {
        "from": "1633466229.96884615",
        "to": null
      }
    }
  ],
  "links": {

> 		"next": "/api/v1/accounts/0.0.1000/allowances/nfts?limit=3&order=asc&account.id=gte:9857&token.id=gt:0.0.1034"

Reviewer: limit=3 would have to be in the initial URL for this link to be accurate. Same for other example.

> 		"next": "/api/v1/accounts/0.0.1000/allowances/nfts?limit=3&order=asc&account.id=gte:9857&token.id=gt:0.0.1034"

Reviewer: We sort first by spender so we would exclude rows if gt:0.0.1034
```suggestion
		"next": "/api/v1/accounts/0.0.1000/allowances/nfts?limit=3&order=asc&account.id=gte:9857&token.id=gt:0.0.1032"
```

	}
}
```

GET `/api/v1/accounts/8488/allowances/nfts?owner=false`

```json
{
  "allowances": [
    {
      "approved_for_all": true,
      "owner": "0.0.1000",
      "spender": "0.0.8488",
      "token_id": "0.0.1033",
      "timestamp": {
        "from": "1633466229.96874612",
        "to": null
      }
    },
    {
      "approved_for_all": true,
      "owner": "0.0.1000",
      "spender": "0.0.8488",
      "token_id": "0.0.1034",
      "timestamp": {
        "from": "1633466229.96874618",
        "to": null
      }
    },
    {
      "approved_for_all": false,
      "owner": "0.0.1001",
      "spender": "0.0.8488",
      "token_id": "0.0.1099",
      "timestamp": {
        "from": "1633466229.96875612",
        "to": null
      }
    }
  ],
  "links": {
		"next": "/api/v1/accounts/0.0.8488/allowances/nfts?limit=3&order=asc&account.id=gte:1001&token.id=gt:0.0.1099"
	}
}
```

Query Parameters:

> - `account.id`: Filter by the spender account ID or owner account ID, depending on the owner flag. `ne` operator is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `account.id`: Filter by the spender account ID or owner account ID, depending on the owner flag. `ne` operator is not supported. Only one occurrence allowed.
```

> - `limit`: The maximum number of items to return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `limit`: The maximum number of items to return. Defaults to 25 with a maximum of 100 allowed.
```

> - `order`: Order by `token.id` and `account.id`. Accepts `asc` or `desc` with a default of `asc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `order`: Order by  `account.id` then `token.id`. Accepts `asc` or `desc` with a default of `asc`.
```

- `owner`: Indicates whether the path parameter `accountId` is the owner or the spender ID. Accepts a boolean value of `true` or `false` with a default value set to `true`.

> - `token.id`: Filter by the token ID. `ne` operator is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `token.id`: Filter by the token ID. `ne` operator is not supported. Only one occurrence allowed.
```

Pagination is important to implement because there are accounts that could have a large number of NFT allowances, making a non-paginated response impractical. This requires multi-column pagination, including owner, spender, and token IDs.

**Ordering**

The order is governed by a combination of the account ID and the token ID values, with the account ID being the parent column. The token ID value governs its order within the given account ID.

> The default order for this API is currently ascending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default order for this API is ascending.
```

**Filtering**

When filtering there are some restrictions enforced to ensure correctness and scalability.

The table below defines the restrictions and support for the endpoint.

| Query Param | Comparison Operator | Support | Description | Example |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| account.id | eq | Y | Single occurrence only. | ?account.id=X |
|  | ne | N |  |  |
|  | lt(e) | Y | Single occurrence only. | ?account.id=lte:X |
|  | gt(e) | Y | Single occurrence only. | ?account.id=gte:X |

> | token.id | eq | Y | Single occurrence only. Requires the presence of an `account.id` query parameter| ?token.id=lt:Y |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token.id | eq | Y | Single occurrence only. Requires the presence of an `account.id` query parameter| ?account.id=X&token.id=eq:Y |
```

|  | ne | N |  |  |
|  | lt(e) | Y | Single occurrence only. Requires the presence of a `lte` or `eq` `account.id` query parameter| ?account.id=lte:X&token.id=lt:Y |
|  | gt(e) | Y | Single occurrence only. Requires the presence of a `gte` or `eq` `account.id` query parameter| ?account.id=gte:X&token.id=gt:Y |

Both filters must be a single occurrence of **gt(e)** or **lt(e)** which provide a lower and or upper boundary for search.

### Serial level allowance information

> To retrieve NFT serial number level allowance information with a `tokenId`, you can use an existing API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve NFT serial number level allowance information for a specific token ID you can use the existing API:
```

> GET`api/v1/tokens/{tokenId}/listNfts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GET `/api/v1/tokens/{tokenId}/nfts`
```
